// Level range for sharing within a party
party_share_level: 15

// MySQL Login server
login_server_ip: localhost
login_server_port: 3306
login_server_id: rathena
login_server_pw: changeme
login_server_db: rathena
login_codepage:
login_case_sensitive: no

ipban_db_ip: localhost
ipban_db_port: 3306
ipban_db_id: rathena
ipban_db_pw: changeme
ipban_db_db: rathena
ipban_codepage:

// MySQL Character server
char_server_ip: localhost
char_server_port: 3306
char_server_id: rathena
char_server_pw: changeme
char_server_db: rathena

// MySQL Map Server
map_server_ip: localhost
map_server_port: 3306
map_server_id: rathena
map_server_pw: changeme
map_server_db: rathena

// MySQL Log Database
log_db_ip: localhost
log_db_port: 3306
log_db_id: rathena
log_db_pw: changeme
log_db_db: rathena
log_codepage:
log_login_db: loginlog
